CardView: describe API (part 6 - column properties) (#7386)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxCardView/9 Types/ColumnProperties/sortingMethod.md

---
---
##### shortDescription
Specifies a custom comparison function for sorting. Applies only when sorting is performed on the client.

##### param(value1): any
A value to be compared.

##### param(value2): any
A value to be compared.

##### return: Number
Specifies whether *value1* goes before *value2*.

##### context: Column
The `this` keyword refers to the column's configuration.

---

> This function accepts two cell values and should return a number indicating their sort order:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This function accepts two cell values and should return a number that indicates their sort order:
```
